README.md, before:

## My Projects
- Published Apps

[MemoriesTree](./apps/MemoriesTree.md) | [OutOfTime](./apps/OutOfTime.md) | [Slidearoo](./apps/Slidearoo.md) 
------------ | ------------- | ------------
<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/memoriestree/id1263250242?ls=1"><img src="/artwork/MemoriesTreeLogo.png" alt="MemoriesTreeLogo" width="150"></a> | <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/outoftime/id1333852115"><img src="/artwork/OutOfTimeLogo.png" alt="OutOfTimeLogo" width="150"></a> | <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slidearoo/id1395435780"><img src="/artwork/SlidearooLogo.png" alt="SlidearooLogo" width="150"></a>
iOS Journaling App. Perfect for journaling and sharing your memories or keeping them private. First Firebase App. | iOS and tvOS Family fun word game. Take turns listing items in a certain category before the music stops. Play music from your device in the game, In-App Purchases, and more. | iOS and tvOS App. Play game of Fifteen slide puzzles with numbers or pictures. You can even play with your own photos. Keep your stats and compete with others. Cloudkit, In-App Purchase, Swift.
[Download MemoriesTree](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/memoriestree/id1263250242?ls=1) | [Download OutOfTime!](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/outoftime/id1333852115) | [Download Slidearoo](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slidearoo/id1395435780)
         
- [AssistStat Basketball](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/assiststat-basketball/id1135998980): iOS Basketball Stat Tracking App. Track stats for your Basketball Team and share with others. Uses CoreData and stats are saved to the devices memory.
- [HandsDown](https://github.com/wikipeterson/HandsDown): iOS App built with Dr. Steve Peterson. Random student generator. BUilt with Swift, Spritekit, Cloudkit, and custom Artwork.
- [APIApp](https://github.com/cwalter50/APIApp): Taught myself to work with API's. Used the numbersapi.com primarily but I played around with a few others to see what else I could come up with.
- [CwalterBuilds Website](https://github.com/cwalter50/cwalter50.github.io): Used GitPages to build this website!!!!
- [ChristopherWalt Repl.it](https://repl.it/@ChristopherWalt): My repl.it profile. Full of hundreds of projects and code samples
- [SmartFish](https://github.com/cwalter50/SmartFish): Making a "Smart Aquarium" that can be controlled by an App. Firebase and Arduino. Currently controls lights and auto feeds. Goal is to check temperature, water level, and more.
- [ArduinoConnect](https://github.com/cwalter50/ArduinoConnect): An App that connects to Arduino via Bluetooth. Create During MME National Summit 2018.

## Github Profile
[https://github.com/cwalter50/](https://github.com/cwalter50/): My Github Profile

## SwiftUI Projects
- [CalculateThat](https://github.com/cwalter50/CalculateThat): First SwiftUI Project! Currently, is a Qaudratic Formula Calculator, eventually will add other formula calculators to the project. Now has a Length Unit Converter and Tip Calculator. 
- [Landmarks](https://github.com/cwalter50/Landmarks): SwiftUI tutorial I am following to learn SwiftUI. https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/handling-user-input
- [100DaysSwiftUI](./100DaysSwiftUI/Projects.md): I am working through a tutorial to learn SwiftUI (Completed June 2020). See the Projects that I am making and learning to make. https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui
- [TicTacToeSwiftUI](https://github.com/cwalter50/TicTacToeSwiftUI): Great Session Led by Tom Bredemeier at MME National Summit 2021. We built TicTacToe using SwiftUI. It has animations, Alerts, and More all in ONE struct. Its a small example of how powerful SwiftUI is.
- [StockSimulator](https://github.com/cwalter50/StockSimulator): Built an App that uses the YahooFinance API and allows the user to simulate trading Stock. Can create Accounts, Buy stock, Sell Stock, Create WatchLists, Monitor account growth, etc.
- [CryptoApp](): Followed an online course from @SwiftfulThinking to build this. The app uses MVVM Architecture, CoreData, CoinGecko API, Color Themes, and much more. The entire App is built using SwiftUI and in Swift.
- [WordleSwiftUI](https://github.com/cwalter50/WordleSwiftUI): Building Wordle using SwiftUI
- [ToDoList](https://github.com/cwalter50/ToDoList): Followed a SwiftUI tutorial to learn MVVM (Model, View, ViewModel) programming. The tutorial is from SwiftFul Thinking. https://www.youtube.com/c/SwiftfulThinking


## Web Development
- [CWalterBuilds](https://github.com/cwalter50/cwalter50.github.io): Version 1.0 of my portfolio website. The source code for THIS site https://cwalter50.github.io/. Links to many of my projects.
- [CS50Web](https://github.com/cwalter50/CS50Web): Learning Web Development by taking this Free EdX course in summer 2021. It covers HTML, CSS, Python, Django, SQL, Javascript, Security, and More!
- [CWalterBuilds](https://github.com/cwalter50/CWalterBuilds): Version 2.0 of my portfolio website. The source code for THIS site www.cwalterbuilds.com. Building a portfolio website using Django, SQL, Python, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and incorporating different apps including OrderSorter and Polls
- [UsersAndAuthentication](https://github.com/cwalter50/UsersAuthentication): Followed a tutorial to add Users and Authentication to Django Project in September 2021. Plan to use the model to add Users and Authentication to CWalterBuilds and OrderSorter.  Very cool to see how much of the suthentication, login, logout, and password recovery stuff that Django gives us for free.
- [ChristopherWalt Repl.it](https://replit.com/@ChristopherWalt): My replit.com profile. Full of hundreds of projects and code samples

## Coding Challenges
- [AdventOfCode](https://github.com/cwalter50/AdventOfCode): One coding challenge a day for the 25 days of advent. Excited for the challenges.

## Mobile Apps Projects
- [Race](https://github.com/cwalter50/Race): Create custom classes and objects in an interactive way.
- [MustacheMe](https://github.com/cwalter50/MustacheMe): Learn how to use CameraPicker and Gesture Recognizers to put Mustaches on anyone. Great for STEM day Demos.
- [HHS Apps](https://sites.google.com/haverfordsd.net/hhsapps/): Apps built for Haverford HS by Haverford HS.
- [Magic8Ball](https://github.com/cwalter50/Magic8Ball): Great intro in conditionals + using Siri with Text to Speech and shake gesture. _Taught at 2017 MME National Summit._
- [Go For Gold](https://github.com/cwalter50/GoForGold): "Deal or No Deal" type game where you try to rack up as much cash as possible before stiking out. First tvOS project built using Swift. _Taught at 2018 MME National Summit._
- [FlashCards](https://github.com/cwalter50/FlashCards): Use CoreData to make a great Flashcards app. _Taught at 2019 MME National Summit._ 
- [MobileMapper2019](https://github.com/cwalter50/MobileMapper2019): Completed MME Tutorial to create an app that uses MapKit and we can search the app for "parks", "pizza", etc.
- [Pong2019](https://github.com/cwalter50/PongFall2019): Build the classic game Pong using Spritekit. Intro to Breakout for class
- [HallPass](https://github.com/cwalter50/HallPass): Fun project to teach firebase database to MobileApps Students: People can sign in and out of the class to go bathroom and app will keep track of how long they were out for.
  
## AP CS Projects
- [Batman](https://github.com/cwalter50/BatmanJava): Example of using a loop in a fun way
- [Fractals](https://github.com/cwalter50/Fractals2): Worked with Dr. Peterson and used JavaSwing to make Sierpenski Triangle
- [QuadCalculator](https://github.com/cwalter50/QuadCalculator): Java Swing Quadratic Formula Calculator. Interact with the repl.it [here](https://repl.it/@ChristopherWalt/QuadCalculator)

Commit message:

added Microbit, arduino, and rasberrypi

README.md, after:

## My Projects
- Published Apps

[MemoriesTree](./apps/MemoriesTree.md) | [OutOfTime](./apps/OutOfTime.md) | [Slidearoo](./apps/Slidearoo.md) 
------------ | ------------- | ------------
<a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/memoriestree/id1263250242?ls=1"><img src="/artwork/MemoriesTreeLogo.png" alt="MemoriesTreeLogo" width="150"></a> | <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/outoftime/id1333852115"><img src="/artwork/OutOfTimeLogo.png" alt="OutOfTimeLogo" width="150"></a> | <a href="https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slidearoo/id1395435780"><img src="/artwork/SlidearooLogo.png" alt="SlidearooLogo" width="150"></a>
iOS Journaling App. Perfect for journaling and sharing your memories or keeping them private. First Firebase App. | iOS and tvOS Family fun word game. Take turns listing items in a certain category before the music stops. Play music from your device in the game, In-App Purchases, and more. | iOS and tvOS App. Play game of Fifteen slide puzzles with numbers or pictures. You can even play with your own photos. Keep your stats and compete with others. Cloudkit, In-App Purchase, Swift.
[Download MemoriesTree](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/memoriestree/id1263250242?ls=1) | [Download OutOfTime!](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/outoftime/id1333852115) | [Download Slidearoo](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/slidearoo/id1395435780)
         
- [AssistStat Basketball](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/assiststat-basketball/id1135998980): iOS Basketball Stat Tracking App. Track stats for your Basketball Team and share with others. Uses CoreData and stats are saved to the devices memory.
- [HandsDown](https://github.com/wikipeterson/HandsDown): iOS App built with Dr. Steve Peterson. Random student generator. BUilt with Swift, Spritekit, Cloudkit, and custom Artwork.
- [APIApp](https://github.com/cwalter50/APIApp): Taught myself to work with API's. Used the numbersapi.com primarily but I played around with a few others to see what else I could come up with.
- [CwalterBuilds Website](https://github.com/cwalter50/cwalter50.github.io): Used GitPages to build this website!!!!
- [ChristopherWalt Repl.it](https://repl.it/@ChristopherWalt): My repl.it profile. Full of hundreds of projects and code samples
- [SmartFish](https://github.com/cwalter50/SmartFish): Making a "Smart Aquarium" that can be controlled by an App. Firebase and Arduino. Currently controls lights and auto feeds. Goal is to check temperature, water level, and more.
- [ArduinoConnect](https://github.com/cwalter50/ArduinoConnect): An App that connects to Arduino via Bluetooth. Create During MME National Summit 2018.

## Github Profile
[https://github.com/cwalter50/](https://github.com/cwalter50/): My Github Profile

## SwiftUI Projects
- [CalculateThat](https://github.com/cwalter50/CalculateThat): First SwiftUI Project! Currently, is a Qaudratic Formula Calculator, eventually will add other formula calculators to the project. Now has a Length Unit Converter and Tip Calculator. 
- [Landmarks](https://github.com/cwalter50/Landmarks): SwiftUI tutorial I am following to learn SwiftUI. https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/swiftui/handling-user-input
- [100DaysSwiftUI](./100DaysSwiftUI/Projects.md): I am working through a tutorial to learn SwiftUI (Completed June 2020). See the Projects that I am making and learning to make. https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui
- [TicTacToeSwiftUI](https://github.com/cwalter50/TicTacToeSwiftUI): Great Session Led by Tom Bredemeier at MME National Summit 2021. We built TicTacToe using SwiftUI. It has animations, Alerts, and More all in ONE struct. Its a small example of how powerful SwiftUI is.
- [StockSimulator](https://github.com/cwalter50/StockSimulator): Built an App that uses the YahooFinance API and allows the user to simulate trading Stock. Can create Accounts, Buy stock, Sell Stock, Create WatchLists, Monitor account growth, etc.
- [CryptoApp](): Followed an online course from @SwiftfulThinking to build this. The app uses MVVM Architecture, CoreData, CoinGecko API, Color Themes, and much more. The entire App is built using SwiftUI and in Swift.
- [WordleSwiftUI](https://github.com/cwalter50/WordleSwiftUI): Building Wordle using SwiftUI
- [ToDoList](https://github.com/cwalter50/ToDoList): Followed a SwiftUI tutorial to learn MVVM (Model, View, ViewModel) programming. The tutorial is from SwiftFul Thinking. https://www.youtube.com/c/SwiftfulThinking

## Microbit
- coming soon

## Arduino and Rasberry Pi
[DiscoverDay Projects](https://github.com/cwalter50/DiscoverDayRFID): We built a bunch of smaller arduino and pi projects that interact with RFID stickers on students wands they made for Discover Day. Worked with Dr. Jeremy Tomaszewski and some of my students.

## Web Development
- [CWalterBuilds](https://github.com/cwalter50/cwalter50.github.io): Version 1.0 of my portfolio website. The source code for THIS site https://cwalter50.github.io/. Links to many of my projects.
- [CS50Web](https://github.com/cwalter50/CS50Web): Learning Web Development by taking this Free EdX course in summer 2021. It covers HTML, CSS, Python, Django, SQL, Javascript, Security, and More!
- [CWalterBuilds](https://github.com/cwalter50/CWalterBuilds): Version 2.0 of my portfolio website. The source code for THIS site www.cwalterbuilds.com. Building a portfolio website using Django, SQL, Python, Javascript, HTML, CSS, and incorporating different apps including OrderSorter and Polls
- [UsersAndAuthentication](https://github.com/cwalter50/UsersAuthentication): Followed a tutorial to add Users and Authentication to Django Project in September 2021. Plan to use the model to add Users and Authentication to CWalterBuilds and OrderSorter.  Very cool to see how much of the suthentication, login, logout, and password recovery stuff that Django gives us for free.
- [ChristopherWalt Repl.it](https://replit.com/@ChristopherWalt): My replit.com profile. Full of hundreds of projects and code samples

## Coding Challenges
- [AdventOfCode](https://github.com/cwalter50/AdventOfCode): One coding challenge a day for the 25 days of advent. Excited for the challenges.

## Mobile Apps Projects
- [Race](https://github.com/cwalter50/Race): Create custom classes and objects in an interactive way.
- [MustacheMe](https://github.com/cwalter50/MustacheMe): Learn how to use CameraPicker and Gesture Recognizers to put Mustaches on anyone. Great for STEM day Demos.
- [HHS Apps](https://sites.google.com/haverfordsd.net/hhsapps/): Apps built for Haverford HS by Haverford HS.
- [Magic8Ball](https://github.com/cwalter50/Magic8Ball): Great intro in conditionals + using Siri with Text to Speech and shake gesture. _Taught at 2017 MME National Summit._
- [Go For Gold](https://github.com/cwalter50/GoForGold): "Deal or No Deal" type game where you try to rack up as much cash as possible before stiking out. First tvOS project built using Swift. _Taught at 2018 MME National Summit._
- [FlashCards](https://github.com/cwalter50/FlashCards): Use CoreData to make a great Flashcards app. _Taught at 2019 MME National Summit._ 
- [MobileMapper2019](https://github.com/cwalter50/MobileMapper2019): Completed MME Tutorial to create an app that uses MapKit and we can search the app for "parks", "pizza", etc.
- [Pong2019](https://github.com/cwalter50/PongFall2019): Build the classic game Pong using Spritekit. Intro to Breakout for class
- [HallPass](https://github.com/cwalter50/HallPass): Fun project to teach firebase database to MobileApps Students: People can sign in and out of the class to go bathroom and app will keep track of how long they were out for.
  
## Misc Projects
- [Wordle](https://replit.com/@ChristopherWalt/Wordle#Main.java): Try to guess the 5 letter word. Inspired by the game Wordle: https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle. It is similar to Pico-Bagel-Fermi, but with words instead of numbers. Built in Java. Interact with the repl.it
- [Fractals](https://github.com/cwalter50/Fractals2): Worked with Dr. Peterson and used JavaSwing to make Sierpenski Triangle
- [QuadCalculator](https://github.com/cwalter50/QuadCalculator): Java Swing Quadratic Formula Calculator. Interact with the repl.it [here](https://repl.it/@ChristopherWalt/QuadCalculator)
- [GameOf15](https://replit.com/@ChristopherWalt/GameOf15): Started to Learn Processing to teach 2D arrays in AP CSA. Fun program built with replit.com
